.. title: Inaugural
.. slug: inaugural
.. date: 2015-02-21 15:55:37 UTC+01:00
.. tags: meta
.. link: 
.. description: The grand opening of Gekwetter mark 2
.. type: text

This might well be the ninth time I'm writing this, but here goes:

This is the first post of my new blog, Gekwetter.  There was a Gekwetter
before it, but it was ugly and ran on outdated software so I'm starting fresh.
I may put the one actual post that was on there back, but other than that it's
a fresh start.

The website barometz.name exists primarily for me to have some kind of web
presence.  It is something of an online :doc:`resume <datasheet>` in case
anyone wants to know who I am and what I'm interested in.  Additionally
there's a blog - you're looking at it - where I hope to share projects I'm
working on and hopefully insightful thoughts.  Topics of interest include
(mis)communication, education and my current field of study, (embedded)
programming.

Tech
====
For the technologically inclined, the blog runs on `Nikola
<http://getnikola.com>`_ 7.1, a static blog generator.  This means I get a
bunch of automation, but none of the security problems of dynamically
generated systems such as Wordpress.  Additionally, it's marginally cheaper to
host on `NearlyFreeSpeech.NET <https://www.nearlyfreespeech.net>`_.  All
content and the modifications I made to the templates can be found on `GitHub
<https://github.com/barometz/gekwetter>`_.

This incarnation of Gekwetter is the first time I admit to myself that
honestly, I'm no good at web design.  I made a few tweaks here and there, but
for the most part you're looking at Nikola's stock Bootstrap 3 theme with the
Yeti bootswatch.
